Validation: Fixed preserve view warnings and duplicate descriptions (#17323)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/office365activeuserdetail.md

---
title: "office365ActiveUserDetail resource type"

> description: Describes the office365ActiveUserDetail resource type and provides the properties and a JSON representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes the office365ActiveUserDetail resource type with its properties and a JSON representation.
```
